hey guys what's up i'm so excited about
this game it is amazing medal of honor
and I'm sorry about the screen it looks
like i have recorded a little bad I
pretty much didn't fix anything up the
way I want it to be I just jumped into
the game and went straight for it man
this this game kicks ass this is the
first game up late so you've seen me
straight from the beginning and putted
my codes cuz I got the ax limit edition
so I have all the guns first so I'm a
cheating now it's pretty awesome the
shotguns have really good power and
range and I really appreciate that I
think they should be at least more
realistic and they do pretty good damage
and there's different shells oh yeah I'm
sorry I'm still amazed like I've only
played probably seven games online and
11 single-player level I think this is
the game for me and looked out the cfi
she died there it's like playing
hardcore on call of duty but it's normal
alright so you have to really think when
you're playing and running around the
map and it's 12 on 12 so it's not like
it's not like you can just what's the
word run around easily these are small
maps and there's just 12 on 12 so we've
got people everywhere and if then people
don't show up on UAV or up on your
screen on the top right that's a really
close to you shooting at you so there's
that some people say that the graphics
like this game in it if they're smoking
some weed or something I think they're
beautiful it looks really good to me it
runs smooth I've already learned it on
some maps that there was bad places to
be bad choke points where you get caught
and it's just they're screwed they have
added some recoil notice on the beta I'd
never played the beta so this is truly
my first experience with medal of honor
I have played bad company one so it's
like I have some diced experience with
the wave their engine runs and the sound
in this game Wow amazing it's so hard to
figure out where people are coming from
because they're just ambient noise like
would be it any wars when you've got the
clicking and the DIA of the bullets
going past your head and hitting the
walls behind you and clicking the dirt
you got dirt flying up
you got wind explosions come here you
get the shell shock and new guy gets
pretty deaf you can't really get
anything it's just amazing i love it
everything about this game i mean i
can't i can't type it up enough i was
really excited for it and I glad I got
it I'll just say that right now what's
also cool is you have friends only chat
so i can go into my chat and change it
to friends and only people that are in
my party can play my team I mean can
hear me talk which is cool so into some
people are alerted if good likes and I
couldn't figure out a mutant but I only
really talked to my friend anyway the
pistols feel great in the game good
sound good rico i will say so this is
probably the hardest game I've ever
played online I've I mean I've played a
lotta I call duty one I played on the
computer pc my first person shooter this
one takes the cake for the most
difficult shooter I've ever played it's
just hard to stay alive I mean look
that's a sniper if Raina you start out
with a red dot sight you don't get the
scope it's it's definitely different and
I'm waiting to level up I'm up to level
two on every class I think I kind of use
I kind of play it like I call duty a big
different classes all the time but um
yeah I dance I'm just kind of still
taken breathless about how much this
game has turned out and exceeded my
expectations of what I wanted it to be
you know I wanted something that wasn't
call of duty and I got it I got some
that to me better way better I'd think
this over any
I was planning to get black ops on
release but I'm sorry guys I'm gonna be
playing this game of a lot and I'll
probably if I get black ops only because
in Sami mode with some friends because
this game is just the hell man i feel
like i'm repeating i love a lot but it's
true the guns feel good they actually
feel like you're you've got some power
behind it the sniper rifles are awesome
I haven't got the bolt actions yet so
people already have everything unlocked
I mean my friend has been texting me
because he lives in Florida and he just
took a day off school i think i was
playing all day today and east side
there's a guy on the leaderboards or
whatever that's played for 18 hours and
15 minutes and the games will leave it
out for 18 hours and 30 minutes so we
got pretty much got the game drove home
it's hard to play that's ridiculous I
put seven game going so far by the time
you'll see this video if you watch it
yeah it's just it takes a lot of skill
and it's more slow-paced it's like a
fast-paced bad company but a slow-paced
model refer to or cod call of duty you
have to think smart you have to watch
your corners you can't just run in or
you're just going to get destroyed
because you get killed so fast and
without killcam which thank god i hate
killcam without killcam you have no idea
what just happened like sometimes I'll
just be walking around now get sniped
like hard one shot down and I have no
idea where it came from I've thought I
would be like you know I be in this
building or something i'll just get
killed it's crazy it's havoc and for
some reason all the chaos that to see
you like right there I think he was
pretty close but I didn't turn the
corner and bam right the face down
yeah it's just I mean I'll get better
better commentaries on it but I just
want to put this up tonight and just
tell you guys that what if everybody if
anybody says this game's bad they just
haven't given it a shot or they're too
much on the call of duty can Boyd dick
because this game is awesome no problems
with it yet and I don't think i will
find any problems with it because it's
my style game but we ended up losing
this first game that i was in had no
idea what's going on but i hope you guys
enjoyed it and stay tuned for more medal
of honor on my channel